

idRecurso: 95, grupo: cs, tipo: VIS => Cargo - Menu
idRecurso: 96, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Cargo - Listar
idRecurso: 97, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Cargo - Agregar
idRecurso: 98, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Cargo - Modificar
idRecurso: 99, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Cargo - Eliminar

idRecurso: 95, grupo: cs, tipo: VIS => Categoria - Menu
idRecurso: 96, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Categoria - Listar
idRecurso: 97, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Categoria - Agregar
idRecurso: 98, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Categoria - Modificar
idRecurso: 99, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Categoria - Eliminar

idRecurso: 95, grupo: cs, tipo: VIS => Proveedores - Menu
idRecurso: 96, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Proveedores - Listar
idRecurso: 97, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Proveedores - Agregar
idRecurso: 98, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Proveedores - Modificar
idRecurso: 99, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Proveedores - Eliminar

idRecurso: 95, grupo: cs, tipo: VIS => Usuario - Menu
idRecurso: 96, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Listar
idRecurso: 97, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Agregar
idRecurso: 98, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Modificar
idRecurso: 99, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Eliminar

idRecurso: 95, grupo: cs, tipo: VIS => Usuario - Menu
idRecurso: 96, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Listar
idRecurso: 97, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Agregar
idRecurso: 98, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Modificar
idRecurso: 99, grupo: cs, tipo: FUN => Usuario - Eliminar


